I never asked you your name max my name
is Max
in Mad Max you begin with nothing
your car your family your life
everything has been taken from you now
all that's left is your will to survive
the first thing you must do is build a
new car hair salon a magnum opus this is
your magnum opus acquiring necessary
gear throughout your journey allows you
to upgrade your vehicle
these upgrades will let you build and
customize your magnum opus just the way
you want
in addition you will need to equip
yourself with armor and weapons in order
to stand a chance against your enemies
as you progress you will also need to
upgrade your gear and abilities to
survive against the brutal forces of a
wasteland Griffi can help help your
venture down to a you dint go yourself
and lay bare your true promise
while ammunition can be exceedingly
stairs there are plenty of other weapons
at your disposal that can prove to be
just as deadly
the wasteland is also filled with
valuable scrap that lets you forge new
weapons upgrade armor and make powerful
improvements to the magnum opus
providing you with the strength to
continue fighting effectively those with
resources rule the wasteland and screwed
us in his war boys are the ones in
control
they are merciless lethal and relentless
in their thirst for blood out here if
you want to increase your chances of
survival you can't let anything stand in
your way
you must be ruthless the wasteland is no
place for a conscience
as you travel through the sprawling open
world you will meet those that have
carved out a meager existence in the
wasteland making alliances with these
inhabitants will help them and their
strongholds thrive and provide you with
additional aid along your journey
I need powder black deadly and smoky and
that's where I come in no no listen you
go get me this and you're set for ammo
for life you must take on the forces
that rule the wasteland and endure the
unpredictable elements of nature
there are dangerous faction that roam
the roads dwell underground and rule the
night they will try to steal what little
you have left
but you still have what it takes defeat
your enemies and reclaim the life they
storm in will survive
because you are max
you